hello Connie that guard here doing a
champion guide for Olaf um first I like
go over his abilities his cue he throws
an axe and it damages and slows all
enemies it goes through his w gives him
increased lifesteal spell vamp and
attack damage and the attack damage is
based on how much health he has his oo e
does true damage to an enemy opponent
our and hit me and but it takes away
life from them and its ultimate gives
him increased armor penetration as a
passive and active he takes reduced
damage and he's immune to all disables
so I'm start off I like to grab a
Dorrans ring and I could take one level
and on undertow that is kiel little
muddy tool I get undertow just because
it's good for um for early ganks and
harassing and it's able to hit multiple
opponents so its overall good for these
early ganks on twisty tree line when we
approach the bush and we're going to
copy pantheon and Warwick just we go
we're gonna initiates I hit pockets my
axe and she gets over this mare try to
get it with another axe here which
tackles Morgana dodges it end up getting
papi but how
exhaust morgana works on counter over
there ends up killing her we try to out
TC pantheon warfare but um too much
damage work when it got away but he
turned back this is lee just almost get
pantheon but he has health potions and
his passive allowed him to get away at
top I'm going against work here I had to
be extra cautious when fighting him just
because he got the first two kills so he
has he has the advantage in levels and
in items so I just have to be real
cautious when going against him so we
have work that comes up here on what
he's doing but luckily he causes the
enemy war to go back so I can have them
some free laying time at level 3 should
have all three of your abilities and so
you have a nice combo so right here I
initiate by activating like W hit him
with the reckless swing throw my axe and
I'm able to auto attack them to kill
them even though you have the first two
kills me is all three my abilities I'm
able to easily kill them as for items I
like to start out with thumb the
wriggles Lantern right here I by
madrid's immediately instead of going
for boots first I do that because I've
moving speed rooms but um and so I'm
able to maintain a good speed even with
just some with just no boots but if you
don't have moving speed roots I
recommend you get boots first right here
I get the Madrid so I go and I take away
a jungle and I get that you need to make
sure you do that when you have the
Madrid's because it's really good and
I'll makes you a lot more deadly in the
lanes and taking away buffs is real
important speaking of which
unfortunately I was too late to grab
dragon war caught it but luckily we're
able to get a kill on them there after
that I go back to the lane I see poppy
coming out
up and she hits me stunned but I'm able
to get over to swing almost kill her
there and she activates ghost and I'm
unable to get her she keep playing him I
pushing me into turret I start attacking
turret and papi gets overzealous here
and I'm able to use reckless swing and
then igniter and it's easy kill all
right um right here it's an important
example of them knowing when to use your
alt i activate it here so i can take
reduced damage and ignore the exhaust
slow there and because this I'm able to
get away with just a sliver of health
but unfortunately on my teammates are
unable to seal the deal on a Pantheon
and papi but luckily I get away without
dying so that's good I'm next on the
item list after wriggles Lantern I like
to go with frost hammer frost hammer is
good for our frozen mallet good for many
reasons health and damage and slow is
extremely nice to have one chasing
people up right here we're going up the
tower and I see that pantheon is ulted
so I go back a little bit out of turret
range turn around to smack papi kill her
throw the axe finish her off start
attacking pantheon however I get
exhausted and wore it come from Han so
unfortunate ghost and run away a bit
then war comes in an alt and helps me
out and seeing that there's no more real
danger I come again get altered by your
work but due to my life steal I'm able
to kill them right here I go a little
cocky try to fight i don't see papi and
i was just real mistake on my part and
you should never make this mistake of
getting too confident because Olaf such
a powerful champ but up here um lane
right now let's eat papi and Pantheon
and I got Morgana come behind me and we
go after him I noble reckless swing on
pantheon get my axe
and I'm able to throw the ax and slow
papi important thing when throwing your
ax make sure you throw it in your path
of travel so you can be able to pick it
up is when you pick it up you um it
reduces the cooldown by six seconds and
so it makes you able to chase better and
mean we're gonna easily malish down
there we have wriggled Lantern it's very
bored placement is very important as you
can see I put war that lizard there on
two popular locations for wards um is
right here at lizard and at dragon by
putting it lizard you're able to on see
gang incoming ganks and people wandering
the jungle and on but I dragon you have
a very good side of people who are
jungling so on you you might be able to
catch them when they're low on Life here
um I see work fighting work up there so
I know papi and Pantheon for like a
master um so I go behind them and I
koultimate to avoid being stunned there
and I attack papi because I'm ultimate
up I'm i avoid works ultimate and I
avoid the first exhaust I turn around
because I know I can out CC Warwick
however papi saves on and papi has a
shield up so I can't use reckless swing
but I get it with my axe and seeing I'm
low on health I decide to run away if
you um as long as you follow the bone
correctly and you play a good smart game
with all off you should have no trouble
getting victory and one in the match